Feature/legends config (#27)
yskoht/keymapviz: README.md

 */
```

Legend replacements.

> A config file containing legend repacements can be provided to change the legends to your liking. It should have a section named 'legends' and e.g. look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A config file containing legend replacements can be provided to change the legends to your liking. It should have a section named 'legends' and e.g. look like:
```

```
[legends]
KC_BLSLS=\
KC_QUOT='
```

> It than can be provided on the commandline like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can then be provided on the command line like:
```
